Welcome to the vocabulary lesson for "Day of the Dead".
Let's start with the word "Cemetery". A cemetery is a place for dead people.
You might also call it a graveyard. So, a cemetery.
Next, we have the word "Ancestors".
Ancestors are the people in your family who lived before you.
Your grandparents, your great-grandparents, they are your ancestors.
Then we have "Somber". Somber means very serious, or sad.
In America, cemeteries are usually somber. They are not fun places.
Another word is "Approach". To approach means to come near or closer to something.
If you approach a house, you are walking towards the house.
"Passed away" is next. Passed away is a polite way to say died.
Instead of saying "he died", you can say "he passed away".
Okay, those are a few key words for the Day of the Dead story.
Please listen to this lesson again until you know all the vocabulary perfectly!